tests/README.md, before:

# Tests

## Overview 

This project contains UI acceptance tests for Kyma.

## Run all tests

If you do not have the dependencies installed through Lerna, use the `npm install` command to install them.

To run all acceptance tests from the [local cluster](https://console.kyma.local), use the following command:
```
npm run test:cluster
```

To run all acceptance tests from `http://console-dev.kyma.local:4200`, use the following command:
```
npm run test
```

> **NOTE:** In the second case, take note of which **GraphQL API** endpoint you use.

## Run specific tests

By default, the commands from the **Run all tests** section allow you to run all available tests. To run only the selected ones, change the value of the `testRegex` field in the [`package.json`](package.json) file. These are the available tests to run:
- `console-basic-test` for `core` view
- `catalog-ui-test` for `service-catalog` and `instances` views
- `docs-ui-test` for `content` view
- `lambda-ui-test` for `lambda` view

Commit message:

Setup Test bundle for service catalog tests and do a clean up after them (#528)
* Add namespace manager with test bundle installer

* Wait for helm broker ready

* Wait for test bundle

* Include and exclude test bundle repository in helm bundle deployment env config

* Run	all tests from tests directory

* Fix test bundle installer

* Fix aborting watch while resolving promise

* Remove unnecessary double namespace creation

* Load Kubeconfig only once

* Fix checking if namespace exists and waiting for resource

* Use new helm broker release name

* Fix setting default timeout

* Add ability to run UI tests outside local cluster

tests/README.md, after:

# Tests

## Overview 

This project contains UI acceptance tests for Kyma.

## Run all tests

If you do not have the dependencies installed through Lerna, use the `npm install` command to install them.

To run all acceptance tests inside the [local cluster](https://console.kyma.local), use the following command:
```
npm run test:cluster
```

To run all acceptance tests outside the [local cluster](https://console.kyma.local), use the following command:
```
npm run test:cluster-outside
```

To run all acceptance tests on `http://console-dev.kyma.local:4200`, use the following command:
```
npm run test
```

> **NOTE:** In the second case, take note of which **GraphQL API** endpoint you use.

## Run specific tests

By default, the commands from the **Run all tests** section allow you to run all available tests. To run only the selected ones, change the value of the `testRegex` field in the [`package.json`](package.json) file. These are the available tests to run:
- `console-basic-test` for `core` view
- `catalog-ui-test` for `service-catalog` and `instances` views
- `docs-ui-test` for `content` view
- `lambda-ui-test` for `lambda` view
